Added steps for locally testing the KubernetesPodOperator (#176)
astronomer/docs: cloud/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

For example, the Apache Airflow command for viewing your entire configuration is `airflow config list`. To run this command with the Astronomer Cloud CLI, you would run `astrocloud dev run config list` instead.

## Run the KubernetesPodOperator Locally

> By running Kubernetes on your local machine, you can test your instances of the KubernetesPodOperator before pushing your code to a Deployment. Doing so means that you can monitor the status and logs of individual Kubernetes Pods running your tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [KubernetesPodOperator](kubernetespodoperator.md) is a powerful Apache Airflow operator that creates a containerized execution environment for every task.

While the Kubernetes infrastructure required to run this operator is built into all Deployments on Astro, testing DAGs with the KubernetesPodOperator locally requires a local Kubernetes environment.

Follow the steps in this topic to create a local Kubernetes environment and monitor the status and logs of individual Kubernetes pods running your tasks locally.
```

### Step 1: Start Running Kubernetes

To run Kubernetes locally:

1. In Docker Desktop, go to **Settings** > **Kubernetes**.
2. Check the `Enable Kubernetes` checkbox.
3. Save your changes and restart Docker.

### Step 2: Get Your Kubernetes Configuration

1. Open the `$HOME/.kube` directory that was created when you enabled Kubernetes in Docker.
2. Open the `config` file in this directory.
3. Under `clusters`, you should see one `cluster` with `server: http://localhost:8080`. Change this to `server: https://kubernetes.docker.internal:6443` (If this doesn't work, try `server: https://host.docker.internal:6445`).

> 4. In your Astronomer project, open your `include` directory and create a new directory called `.kube`. Copy the `config` file that you edited into this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In your Astro project, open your `include` directory and create a new directory called `.kube`. Copy the `config` file that you edited into this directory.
```

```python
from airflow.contrib.operators.kubernetes_pod_operator import KubernetesPodOperator
from airflow import configuration as conf
# ...

namespace = conf.get('kubernetes', 'NAMESPACE')

# This will detect the default namespace locally and read the
# environment namespace when deployed to Astronomer.
if namespace =='default':
    config_file = '/usr/local/airflow/include/.kube/config'
    in_cluster=False
else:
    in_cluster=True
    config_file=None

with dag:
    k = KubernetesPodOperator(
        namespace=namespace,
        image="my-image",
        labels={"foo": "bar"},
        name="airflow-test-pod",
        task_id="task-one",
        in_cluster=in_cluster, # if set to true, will look in the cluster for configuration. if false, looks for file
        cluster_context='docker-desktop', # is ignored when in_cluster is set to True
        config_file=config_file,
        is_delete_operator_pod=True,
        get_logs=True)
```

Specifically, your operator must have `cluster_context='docker-desktop` and `config_file=config_file`.

### Step 4: Run and Monitor the KubernetesPodOperator

> After updating your DAG, run `astro dev start` to rebuild your image and run your project in a local Airflow environment. You can use `kubectl get pods -n $namespace` and `kubectl logs {pod_name} -n $namespace` to examine the logs for any Pods that were created by the operator. By default, `docker-for-desktop` will run pods in the `default` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you update your DAG, run `astro dev restart` from the Astro CLI to rebuild your image and run your project in a local Airflow environment.

To examine the logs for any pods that were created by the operator, we recommend using these kubectl commands:

- `kubectl get pods -n $namespace`
- `kubectl logs {pod_name} -n $namespace` 

By default, Docker for Desktop will run pods in a namespace called `default`.
```
